#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   ortools
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
adal==1.2.7
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   azureml-core
    #   msrestazure
affine==2.3.0
    # via rasterio
aiohttp==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   ray
aiohttp-cors==0.7.0
    # via ray
aioredis==2.0.0
    # via ray
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pyscaffold
applicationinsights==0.11.10
    # via
    #   azureml-defaults
    #   azureml-telemetry
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via notebook
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via uvicorn
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
atari-py==0.2.6
    # via
    #   gym
    #   ray
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   eli5
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
azure-ai-anomalydetector==3.0.0b3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-ai-formrecognizer==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-ai-metricsadvisor==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cognitiveservices-vision-computervision==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-ai-anomalydetector
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-cognitiveservices-vision-computervision
    #   azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-deploymentmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   azureml-core
azure-core==1.18.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-ai-anomalydetector
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-ai-metricsadvisor
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-queue
azure-cosmos==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-cosmosdb-nspkg==2.0.2
    # via azure-cosmosdb-table
azure-cosmosdb-table==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-data-tables==12.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-functions==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-graphrbac==0.61.1
    # via azureml-core
azure-identity==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.utils.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   azureml-dataprep
azure-keyvault==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.utils.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.3.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.4.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-kusto-data==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-authorization==0.61.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-compute==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==8.1.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-core==1.3.0
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-deploymentmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
azure-mgmt-deploymentmanager==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-keyvault==9.1.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-mgmt-resource==13.0.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.utils.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-core
azure-mgmt-storage==11.2.0
    # via azureml-core
azure-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-cosmosdb-nspkg
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-nspkg
azure-search-documents==11.3.0b2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-servicebus==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage==0.36.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-blob==12.8.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   pymaro
azure-storage-common==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-file
    #   pymaro
azure-storage-file==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-file-datalake==12.4.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azure-storage-nspkg==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-queue==12.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
azureml-automl-core==1.33.1
    # via azureml-train-automl-client
azureml-contrib-automl-pipeline-steps==1.33.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azureml-contrib-reinforcementlearning==1.33.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azureml-core==1.33.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.utils.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-contrib-reinforcementlearning
    #   azureml-defaults
    #   azureml-pipeline-core
    #   azureml-telemetry
    #   azureml-train-automl-client
    #   azureml-train-core
azureml-dataprep==2.20.1
    # via azureml-dataset-runtime
azureml-dataprep-native==38.0.0
    # via azureml-dataprep
azureml-dataprep-rslex==1.18.2
    # via azureml-dataprep
azureml-dataset-runtime[fuse]==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azureml-automl-core
    #   azureml-defaults
    #   azureml-train-automl-client
azureml-defaults==1.33.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azureml-pipeline==1.33.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azureml-pipeline-core==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azureml-pipeline
    #   azureml-pipeline-steps
azureml-pipeline-steps==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azureml-contrib-automl-pipeline-steps
    #   azureml-pipeline
azureml-telemetry==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azureml-automl-core
    #   azureml-train-automl-client
    #   azureml-train-core
azureml-train==1.33.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
azureml-train-automl-client==1.33.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   azureml-pipeline-steps
azureml-train-core==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azureml-contrib-reinforcementlearning
    #   azureml-pipeline-steps
    #   azureml-train
azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive==1.33.0
    # via azureml-train-core
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports.tempfile==1.0
    # via azureml-core
backports.weakref==1.0.post1
    # via backports.tempfile
backports.zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via tzlocal
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   feedfinder2
    #   newspaper3k
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blessings==1.7
    # via gpustat
blis==0.7.4
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
boto3==1.18.42
    # via pytorch-pretrained-bert
botocore==1.21.42
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
category-encoders==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   fiona
    #   kubernetes
    #   msrest
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
    #   uamqp
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cftime==1.5.0
    # via netcdf4
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
charset-normalizer==2.0.5
    # via requests
ciso8601==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
clang==5.0
    # via tensorflow
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   databricks-cli
    #   fiona
    #   flask
    #   geomet
    #   nltk
    #   rasterio
    #   ray
    #   sacremoses
    #   sentinelsat
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via
    #   azureml-dataprep
    #   gym
    #   hyperopt
colorama==0.4.4
    # via ray
colorful==0.5.4
    # via ray
commondatamodel-objectmodel==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
configparser==3.7.4
    # via azureml-defaults
configupdater==2.0
    # via pyscaffold
contextlib2==0.6.0.post1
    # via azureml-core
convertdate==2.3.2
    # via holidays
cornac==1.13.5
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recommenders
cppy==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   azureml-core
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via newspaper3k
cvxopt==1.2.6
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
cvxpy==1.1.15
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cymem==2.0.5
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cython==0.29.24
    # via randomgen
databricks-cli==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
datasets==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
dateparser==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.4.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
    #   validators
deepdiff==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   pymaro
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
descartes==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.6.0
    # via dotnetcore2
dm-tree==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ray
docker==4.4.4
    # via azureml-core
dotnetcore2==2.1.21
    # via azureml-dataprep
ecos==2.0.7.post1
    # via cvxpy
eli5==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
fairlearn==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
fastai==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.65.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
fastcore==1.3.26
    # via fastai
fastprogress==1.0.0
    # via fastai
feedfinder2==0.0.4
    # via newspaper3k
feedparser==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   newspaper3k
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
fiona==1.8.20
    # via geopandas
flask==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-defaults
    #   flask-login
flask-login==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
fsspec==2021.8.1
    # via datasets
fusepy==3.0.1
    # via azureml-dataset-runtime
future==0.18.2
    # via hyperopt
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gdal==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
geoalchemy2==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
geographiclib==1.52
    # via geopy
geojson==2.5.0
    # via sentinelsat
geomet==0.3.0
    # via sentinelsat
geopandas==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keplergl
geopy==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   pymaro
google-api-core==1.31.2
    # via opencensus
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via google-api-core
gpustat==0.6.0
    # via ray
graphviz==0.17
    # via eli5
greenlet==1.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.40.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via azureml-defaults
gym[atari]==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ray
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
hijri-converter==2.2.1
    # via holidays
holidays==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymaro
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via sentinelsat
huggingface-hub==0.0.17
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   transformers
hyperopt==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via
    #   argcomplete
    #   configupdater
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jsonpickle
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown
    #   pluggy
    #   pyscaffold
    #   spacy
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   transformers
interpret-core==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.27.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   pyvis
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keplergl
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   msrest
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.7.1
    # via secretstorage
jieba3k==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   newspaper3k
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eli5
    #   flask
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pyvis
    #   recommenders
    #   spacy
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-surprise
json-logging-py==0.2
    # via azureml-defaults
jsonpickle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   pyvis
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jupyter-client==7.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
keplergl==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
keras==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
korean-lunar-calendar==0.2.1
    # via holidays
kubernetes==18.20.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   pymaro
lasio==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
lightfm==1.16
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
lightgbm==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.fclib.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recommenders
llvmlite==0.35.0
    # via numba
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   newspaper3k
lz4==3.1.3
    # via ray
mapclassify==2.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.fclib.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   descartes
    #   fastai
    #   powerlaw
    #   recommenders
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
memory-profiler==0.58.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via powerlaw
msal==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/cdm.cdm.requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   commondatamodel-objectmodel
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==0.2.2
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via ray
msrest==0.6.21
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-ai-anomalydetector
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-ai-metricsadvisor
    #   azure-cognitiveservices-vision-computervision
    #   azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision
    #   azure-data-tables
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-deploymentmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-file-datalake
    #   azure-storage-queue
    #   azureml-contrib-reinforcementlearning
    #   azureml-core
    #   azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.utils.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-authorization
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azureml-contrib-reinforcementlearning
    #   azureml-core
    #   azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.12.2
    # via datasets
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
murmurhash==1.0.5
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclient==0.5.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.1.0
    # via notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via azureml-core
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/cdm.cdm.requirements.txt
    #   commondatamodel-objectmodel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
netcdf4==1.5.7
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
networkx==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ecr.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   mapclassify
    #   pyvis
newspaper3k==0.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
nltk==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   newspaper3k
    #   recommenders
notebook==6.4.3
    # via widgetsnbextension
numba==0.52.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recommenders
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.fclib.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ecr.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   atari-py
    #   azureml-dataset-runtime
    #   blis
    #   bottleneck
    #   category-encoders
    #   cftime
    #   cornac
    #   cvxpy
    #   datasets
    #   ecos
    #   eli5
    #   fairlearn
    #   fastprogress
    #   gym
    #   h5py
    #   hyperopt
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   lasio
    #   lightfm
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   powerlaw
    #   pyarrow
    #   pykrige
    #   pymanopt
    #   pymaro
    #   pytorch-pretrained-bert
    #   qdldl
    #   randomgen
    #   rasterio
    #   ray
    #   recommenders
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-surprise
    #   scipy
    #   scs
    #   seaborn
    #   seqeval
    #   skorch
    #   snuggs
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   thinc
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   xarray
nvidia-ml-py3==7.352.0
    # via gpustat
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencensus==0.7.13
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   ray
opencensus-context==0.1.2
    # via opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-defaults
opencv-python==4.4.0.42
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gym
opencv-python-headless==4.3.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ray
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
ordered-set==4.0.2
    # via deepdiff
ortools==9.0.9048
    # via -r requirements.in
osqp==0.6.2.post0
    # via cvxpy
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   datasets
    #   fastai
    #   fastcore
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyscaffold
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
pandas==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.fclib.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ecr.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   datasets
    #   fairlearn
    #   fastai
    #   geopandas
    #   keplergl
    #   mapclassify
    #   pymaro
    #   ray
    #   recommenders
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
paramiko==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   pymaro
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pastel==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pathfinder==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pathlib2==2.3.6
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-core
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pathy==0.6.0
    # via spacy
patsy==0.5.1
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pbr==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastai
    #   matplotlib
    #   newspaper3k
    #   torchvision
pkgconfig==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
playfab==0.0.201014
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
plotly==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
portalocker==1.7.1
    # via
    #   azureml-contrib-reinforcementlearning
    #   msal-extensions
powerlaw==1.5
    # via cornac
preshed==3.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   notebook
    #   ray
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   pymaro
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   ortools
    #   ray
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-hub
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   gpustat
    #   memory-profiler
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   pymaro
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pulp==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
py-spy==0.3.9
    # via ray
py4j==0.10.7
    # via pyspark
pyaml==21.8.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   pymaro
pyarrow==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-dataset-runtime
    #   datasets
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.7.4
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pydocumentdb==2.3.5
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt[crypto]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azureml-core
    #   msal
pykrige==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pymanopt==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
pymaro==0.2.3a3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ecr.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pymeeus==0.5.11
    # via convertdate
pynacl==1.4.0
    # via paramiko
pyodbc==4.0.32
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   azureml-core
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pypandoc==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.2.0
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   rioxarray
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pyscaffold==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyspark==2.4.5
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/cdm.cdm.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azureml-core
    #   botocore
    #   commondatamodel-objectmodel
    #   dateparser
    #   holidays
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kubernetes
    #   matplotlib
    #   newspaper3k
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.utils.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pytorch-pretrained-bert==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-core
    #   convertdate
    #   dateparser
    #   google-api-core
    #   pandas
pyvis==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ecr.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastai
    #   kubernetes
    #   newspaper3k
    #   pyaml
    #   pymaro
    #   ray
    #   recommenders
    #   transformers
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   pymaro
qdldl==0.1.5.post0
    # via osqp
randomgen==1.19.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ecr.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
rasterio==1.2.6
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rioxarray
ray[rllib]==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
recommenders==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/re.retail.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   pymaro
    #   ray
regex==2020.11.13
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/cdm.cdm.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   commondatamodel-objectmodel
    #   dateparser
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-pretrained-bert
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.fclib.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   adal
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmosdb-table
    #   azure-kusto-data
    #   azure-storage
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   azureml-contrib-reinforcementlearning
    #   azureml-core
    #   azureml-train-restclients-hyperdrive
    #   databricks-cli
    #   datasets
    #   docker
    #   fastai
    #   feedfinder2
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kubernetes
    #   lightfm
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   newspaper3k
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   playfab
    #   pydocumentdb
    #   pymaro
    #   pytorch-pretrained-bert
    #   ray
    #   recommenders
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sentinelsat
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
    #   msrest
retrying==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
rioxarray==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
ruamel.yaml==0.17.4
    # via azureml-core
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
sacremoses==0.0.45
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.fclib.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   eli5
    #   fairlearn
    #   fastai
    #   lightfm
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   recommenders
    #   seqeval
    #   skorch
scikit-surprise==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   recommenders
scipy==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   cornac
    #   cvxpy
    #   ecos
    #   eli5
    #   fairlearn
    #   fastai
    #   hyperopt
    #   lightfm
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   osqp
    #   powerlaw
    #   pykrige
    #   pymanopt
    #   qdldl
    #   ray
    #   recommenders
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-surprise
    #   scs
    #   seaborn
    #   skorch
    #   statsmodels
scs==2.1.4
    # via cvxpy
seaborn==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recommenders
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via azureml-core
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
sentinelsat==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via pyscaffold
shapely==1.7.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   keplergl
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   atari-py
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-ai-metricsadvisor
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-servicebus
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   blessings
    #   cycler
    #   databricks-cli
    #   dm-tree
    #   docker
    #   eli5
    #   feedfinder2
    #   fiona
    #   geomet
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   gpustat
    #   grpcio
    #   holidays
    #   hyperopt
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   kubernetes
    #   msrestazure
    #   munch
    #   pathlib2
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   protobuf
    #   pydocumentdb
    #   pynacl
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   retrying
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-surprise
    #   tensorflow
    #   uamqp
    #   validators
skorch==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastai
    #   spacy-universal-sentence-encoder
spacy-legacy==3.0.8
    # via spacy
spacy-universal-sentence-encoder==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==1.4.23
    # via geoalchemy2
srsly==2.4.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
starlette==0.14.2
    # via fastapi
statsmodels==0.12.2
    # via category-encoders
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   pymaro
syncer==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   eli5
    #   ray
    #   skorch
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
tensorboard==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.4
    # via ray
tensorflow==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy-universal-sentence-encoder
tensorflow-estimator==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.12.0
    # via spacy-universal-sentence-encoder
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
terminado==0.12.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
thinc==8.0.10
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==2.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinysegmenter==0.3
    # via newspaper3k
tk==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tldextract==3.1.2
    # via newspaper3k
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==1.2.1
    # via setuptools-scm
tomlkit==0.7.2
    # via pyscaffold
torch==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/maro.maro.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastai
    #   pymaro
    #   pytorch-pretrained-bert
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastai
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/re.fclib.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ip.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/sc.ro.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cornac
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperopt
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-pretrained-bert
    #   recommenders
    #   sacremoses
    #   sentinelsat
    #   skorch
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via keplergl
transformers==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.reco.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recommenders
typer==0.3.2
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aioredis
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   catalogue
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   spacy
    #   tensorflow
    #   thinc
    #   torch
    #   uvicorn
    #   yarl
tzlocal==3.0
    # via dateparser
uamqp==1.4.1
    # via azure-servicebus
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-core
    #   botocore
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
utm==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/en.ca.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/en.km.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.nlp.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
validators==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
wasabi==0.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azureml-defaults
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wget==3.2
    # via
    #   -c ./.depends/fsi.risk.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/gem.ent.requirements.txt
    #   -c ./.depends/msft.ama.requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astunparse
    #   pypandoc
    #   randomgen
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow
xarray==0.19.0
    # via rioxarray
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==2.0.2
    # via datasets
yarl==1.6.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.5.0
    # via
    #   catalogue
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
